Greetings and hammering for all
Titan hammers again in the world
minecraft I have a different world to
bring you a kind of death long ago that
I did not share with you this is a
map generator called animated
the rain have a good listener as you are
seeing I have a mountain behind me
huge there is a surprising gap and
good here surrounded surrounded by animals and
surrounded by flowers wall with heidi let's go
to fly us and fix or some
of the things he does so that what
does it modify us the code of the
generation of minecraft maps by
defect and they set here the lake so cool
and so incredible that there are
mountains here in this valley the mountains
that I have here behind of course
snowfall at the top and I've
brought this way and not another as per
example could be saw better plenty or
biomes xl also better world '
generator of which I have already reviewed
long time
and that if you want I will not leave them the
description for your interest also and
as I say I've done a review of this what
I have chosen because more than focusing on
generate much more biomass add biomes
what it does is modify us the
normal minecraft with the code with a
new code to do it much more
different with a different topology already
You see that everything is full, for example,
streams create churros falling down
mountains and as I say it focuses on
everything in that for example in the mountains
Obviously higher is everything
full of snow the area let's say you are
Near the sea they usually have languages
warm
while in the interior inter areas
usually have cold biomes or dry biomes
and now here we have for example another
riachuelo the truth that is very beautiful
all areas of the coasts and all
the edges are all very smooth
there are also incredible mountains
As you can see here we have another area
also age and also note here the
amount of water that is here falling
that we're going to continue here for the
area of ​​the coast so you can see the
edges of the beaches and others that like
I am very careful, it is very nice
they set to look at this area this is why
example an added that is not
obviously in the normal mangrove is a few
zones and rocky with different types of
rocks like that has gravel has stone
It has clay but it is not the biome
but it is another different because there
areas of the mountains that obviously
see the rocky areas here for example
we have the flower biome set everything
full of flowers and if you look at the biome
of flowers then on a mountain in a
hill and I will go teaching too
other biomes so you can see how they are
here we have for example as I what
I call a dark forest
in the forest with the oaks that are
four trunks together I said is
practically super dense in fact I think
which is even denser than that of the
normal minecraft and fix for example
this area here with a small lagoon
inside the river going down from here
up the truth that is very cool and
here a desert area with mountains
included that in the desert I also
fixed that add some sources of
water also extra and as I say then
I'll leave it in the description
for your worlds keep in mind that
yes that these types of mods sometimes have
problems with mods what
what generates
creatures and others that were still creatures
in the world so before deciding to
use it I recommend you to do tests
to check that he is not going to have
no problem and that fabian
correctly in all biomes or at
less in a good part of them for
that you can play as you do
we usually go with the installation
as always I recommend making a
clean installation from scratch so
we're going to app data percentage
percentage
and the continuum of the minecraft folder
well we move it to another folder another route
or else we change the name to the
folder to do the installation in a
that was pointed minecraft clean and empty
the next thing will be to run the launcher
We need the profile to select
the version that we are going to install
I was before at 172 so why
example I will teach now with the 164
but you are going to see what exactly
same we give to 6 we give the button
play and we install all the files
needed then the game opens
and we close it now let's install
forge in the event that 172 were
1060 being the 164 the 965 we extract it
here
and we give you right click to open with java
platform
the installation path is that of
default either the malice prize launcher
that lvp so we give it to accept
we install the forks files
we give him to accept again and now
we run the launcher again
to select the new profile of
force
we check here in edit profile that
is 1 649 65 or the one
correspond we give the play button and
return to open the game again
then we close it and now we are going to
leave the mode here we have alternate the
rain generator for 164 and for 272 as
you see are hard files when I upload it
the links will have the description
when I upload it, I'm going to compress it and
you decompress and you take
directly the hard we go here another
time to percentage to pepe data percentage
minecraft mods and we paste it
we would have the game again and here what
you have here are the defaults and here
is the mold of alternate the rain
generator to knit to make a new
map we would have a single player create a
new map we give you more options and
here in the kind of world we will have to
select this walk type a tg
alternate we should accept if we want
put now we can put here a
seed and then also in that apart
from here you can change the mode of
map if we want to be creative
survival or whatever it is that is going to
give no problem if you liked
like to subscribe and do not forget
share the videos see you